randomly got really hot 😥 #sotakeoffallyourclothes ? #noimalady #unlessitsgirlsnight USERNAME USERNAME 😉 
i just wish i had more of a social life 😥 
USERNAME i just want some wine to celebrate ! 😞 
i'm trying to change my baby ringtone but i can't seem to find a song that suits him . :-( 
sitting thinking about my life what i've done wrong and what i've done right . sigh i hope i'm doing things right now . 😔 😪 
this is awkward why are these chinese people doing karaoke 😔 an in chinese .... i'm embarrassed .... 
the depression from the score is starting to set in 😭 
USERNAME at home i don't have a way out there :( 
USERNAME what ? it's looks gold . so much for the joke :( 
why won't they let me get an x-ray until monday 😭 
i wish i had a relationship like USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 i think i'll go cuddle with my dog now . 
i wish my novia was with me right now :( 
all my compasses look like tears . ): (at california college of the arts) [pic] — URL 
home alone , foreals . my parents went hunting and my brother left to waco :( 
wondering why life has to hurt so much some times :( 
why is my xbox updating ? it updated like 2 weeks ago .. it's going really slow too :( 
its 5:47 pm and i haven't finish washing . :( i might not go to the show . ; ~ ; 
USERNAME you bday would've been a year for me and devonte :( *kanye shrugs* oh well 
stop judging my shoes ! ! ! i look like such a boy tonight , not happy with how i dressed here 😔 
kind of offended that USERNAME isn't following me ..... 😞 
USERNAME is this about who i think it is 😔 
USERNAME oh gosh ! ! we can never watch it again ... my eyeballs hurt so much right now .. 😢 
USERNAME can't even be doin it . im broke :( 
iyyh ya midem bulanıyor :( içmicem bir daha nargile ! 
i've been sleeping for days and i'm still tired 😞 but can't sleep at night 😓 😓 #poo 
i wish USERNAME was here with me and USERNAME :( 
in one week we'll be cheering our last foundation game ! #bittersweet 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME aweh :( that sucks im bored too :( (( 
USERNAME so are you still gonna trade me sweaters ? ): 