USERNAME f u what's that spell ? fired up ? noo #fuckyou haha 
now all of you roll tide bandwagon fans will hop off alabama's dick . one wor d: overrated . 
this weeken d: tcu football , next weeken d: marriage USERNAME @ amon g . carter stadium URL 
i wish i could go drive myself to wingstop but noo i have to stay and babysit 😒 
must rea d: gail collins on hillary's next move: URL 
that moment you're super hyped to get off work cause its saturday , then you get home and realize you have no plans for tonight . 😒 #smh 
USERNAME crap ! ! i thought i sent the tweet ! )x ! i was gunna say that i couldn't anymore ! ! ! ! ! d; ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME as long as i get his car ... i'm all goo d: d i've always wanted it 
headed to staples center 😃 f-word to this traffic though 😒 😒 
bucket list item acquire d: try absinthe . that and explore a haunted mansion based on macbeth . that too . URL 
i hate when i am cleaning a rack because it's almost close and then people come in and mess it up . #ugh 
let me find out USERNAME back on twitter ii*cant*deal 😾 
i refuse to let someone influence my choices this up coming weekend >_< 
i hate not being able to see her . #frustrated 
all i wanna do is be with USERNAME and watch our fighting irish kick ass but noo you have to be in chicago you buttface 😠 
my mom left my car smellin like onions ! ! ! ! 😠 
USERNAME USERNAME awe so that's why u wanted me to go ? ! i see how it is 😠 and thanks lt ! 
eww ! ! ! ! that name though ? 😒 
we cuute 😏 oh god there showing pictures and videos from my 15 😒 it's embarrassing especiall @ take me home🎶 URL 
😒 😣 we care rt USERNAME cheese cake factory tonight 
my room was nice and straighten up now it's a disaster 😒 
i kno dis bitch dont live with him 😒 😂 😂 😂 omgg das beyond funni 
the way a good beer should look at the en d: rings a tree :) #fb URL 
a day @ our favorite spot .... the duck pon d: ))) URL 
i'm getting shapy again 😑 😐 😕 😔 😞 😣 😖 😩😫 
USERNAME know what she ain't 😒 don't even need to say it ! 
these little bitches standing in front of is ! 👊 😡 about to kill their joy 
USERNAME lmfao ! yes , and that's the problem . i need my some ride or die people . >.< 
-i jus be dx mn if ion curse these folks in front of us out ! 